tiproxy: add performance report of traffic capture (#19335)
pingcap/docs: tiproxy/tiproxy-traffic-replay.md

    > - TiProxy captures traffic on all connections, including existing and newly created ones.
    > - In TiProxy primary-secondary mode, connect to the primary TiProxy instance.
    > - If TiProxy is configured with a virtual IP, it is recommended to connect to the virtual IP address.

>     > - The higher the CPU usage of TiProxy, the greater the impact of traffic capture on QPS. To reduce the impact on the production cluster, it is recommended to reserve at least 30% of the CPU, at which point the average QPS drops by about 3%. For detailed performance data, see [traffic capture test](/tiproxy/tiproxy-performance-test.md#traffic-capture-test).
>     > - When capturing traffic again, the last traffic file will not be deleted automatically and needs to be deleted manually.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    > - The higher the CPU usage of TiProxy, the greater the impact of traffic capture on QPS. To reduce the impact on the production cluster, it is recommended to reserve at least 30% of CPU capacity, which results in an approximately 3% decrease in average QPS. For detailed performance data, see [Traffic capture test](/tiproxy/tiproxy-performance-test.md#traffic-capture-test).
    > - TiProxy does not automatically delete previous capture files when capturing traffic again. You need to manually delete them.
```

    - `sample_replay_time`: the time when the SQL statement failed during replay. You can use this to view error information in the TiDB log file.
    - `count`: the number of times the SQL statement failed.

>     The following is example output from the `fail` table:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The following is an example output of the `fail` table:
```

    ```sql
    SELECT * FROM tiproxy_traffic_replay.fail LIMIT 1\G
    ```

    ```
    *************************** 1. row ***************************
               cmd_type: StmtExecute
                 digest: 89c5c505772b8b7e8d5d1eb49f4d47ed914daa2663ed24a85f762daa3cdff43c
            sample_stmt: INSERT INTO new_order (no_o_id, no_d_id, no_w_id) VALUES (?, ?, ?) params=[3077 6 1]
         sample_err_msg: ERROR 1062 (23000): Duplicate entry '1-6-3077' for key 'new_order.PRIMARY'
         sample_conn_id: 1356
    sample_capture_time: 2024-10-17 12:59:15
     sample_replay_time: 2024-10-17 13:05:05
                  count: 4
    ```

    The `other_errors` table stores unexpected errors, such as network errors or database connection errors, with the following fields:

    - `err_type`: the type of error, presented as a brief error message. For example, `i/o timeout`.
    - `sample_err_msg`: the complete error message when the error first occurred.
    - `sample_replay_time`: the time when the error occurred during replay. You can use this to view error information in the TiDB log file.
    - `count`: the number of occurrences for this error.

>     The following is example output from the `other_errors` table:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The following is an example output of the `other_errors` table:
```

    ```sql
    SELECT * FROM tiproxy_traffic_replay.other_errors LIMIT 1\G
    ```

    ```
    *************************** 1. row ***************************
              err_type: failed to read the connection: EOF
        sample_err_msg: this is an error from the backend connection: failed to read the connection: EOF
    sample_replay_time: 2024-10-17 12:57:39
                 count: 1
    ```

    > **Note:**
    >

>     > The table schema of `tiproxy_traffic_replay` might change in future versions. It is not recommended to directly read data from `tiproxy_traffic_replay` in your application or tool development.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    > - The table schema of `tiproxy_traffic_replay` might change in future versions. It is not recommended to directly read data from `tiproxy_traffic_replay` in your application or tool development.
```

>     > - Replay does not guarantee that the transaction execution order between connections will exactly match the capture sequence. This might lead to incorrect error reports.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    > - Replay does not guarantee that the transaction execution order between connections exactly matches the capture sequence. This might lead to incorrect error reports.
```

>     > - Replay does not guarantee that the transaction execution order between connections is exactly the same as when it was captured, so it may report errors by mistake.
>     > - When replaying traffic again, the previous replay report will not be deleted automatically and needs to be deleted manually.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    > - Replay does not guarantee that the transaction execution order between connections will exactly match the capture sequence. This might lead to incorrect error reports.
    > - TiProxy does not automatically delete the previous replay report when replaying traffic. You need to manually delete it.
```
